welcome to the five-minute water-bearing
next game so let's go let's go fibernet
auto pairing it's quite early in the
morning at the moment of this game on
the how many title players are on UK
time 45 what could be quick to get a
game
I was bit of a delay
alright so we got game fish pop me are
the bishop of five let's try and do this
construct a sensor with temper why do
there is that what be able to do this
maybe just finish a type like this Finch
as I got a grip on them on d5 I can pin
the night oh that could be a 90 I'd
better swing about that this before
that's a disaster she night d5 head
looking on that diagonal
I think that's gonna be an unfortunate
event that's gonna be a bishop at four
we're just gonna be unpleasant one night
things are free and actually can't sleep
at night frequency free but I'm not
entirely sure that's any good there's 95
minimum all night out before not not
like for each 895 that night I for the
problem again hmm I'm in trouble yeah ah
ok let's just try and just lose one pawn
more to that possible once you're Queen
up always going for a second form
Quincy free but no Quincy feel having
its Queen a free until I just what
Bishop eat own use the gphone that with
some compensation here losing the second
pongs about much
hmm
why not I guess why not good makes the
e5 my good Bishop see one there is not
just skewing it's got Quidditch free
that's like wait need free square first
so I'm trying to set up bishop see one
what's at age five could be dangerous
Bishop t4 is not forcing with a bishop
see one to ask you of her Quinn it free
hmm
just go for this then
I get the Queen out and to take on c7 I
can affect his Queen Bishop d for what
about Bishop d420 Vecna Queen my vision
t49 Queen c7 and there's queen d sex
after I knew if he's always lurking
around on e4 this is a new problem the
e4 pool again I Queen away from me for
IHG rafa or Bishop c5 c6 maybe yeah c6
as a plane
I'm just trying to kick the Queen again
all a sham eh you first I think lots of
minds
I assume this is going to protect c7
uh-huh go for a crude Queen h2 hummer
his King safety a question to his keen
safety I just part the bishop that
carries got c4 but there may be are
having maybe that's you know keeping the
pressure on h8 potentially so Queen h10
create a potentially if its nightmare's
Quinn h8 hmm Bishop g4 is also now
possible oh okay I think 9f where I can
just take is not on be too
not probably this check is not quite
dangerous yet hmm but maybe I should fry
in check it's a bishop you father's not
bishop you find queen of 70 inside the
Queen air or bishop see one like rook I
think yeah I keep the Queen away from I
don't know actually
my diagonal is pretty weak care eyes
nightly fives very very good if i can
get play Bishop g5 and Queen h8 ass or
Bishop a chain yeah and Bishop a shame
Queen d3 Bishop see to check
I was gonna attack my queen now that's
not very pleasant Oh drop it all the way
back cuz I just likes quindi free this
is not good I just blundered his queen
hi it's an unfortunate game uh yeah he
just wandered in the end he had he had
me that good position oh well
unfortunate comments or questions on
YouTube and so much